src/pages/apply.mdx, before:

import ApplyOne from "components/apply/apply1";
import ApplyTwo from "components/apply/apply2";
import ApplyThree from "components/apply/apply3";
import ApplyFour from "components/apply/apply4";
import ApplyFive from "components/apply/apply5";
import ApplySix from "components/apply/apply6";

<main className="page-main">

<div className="page-title">
	# Apply Layouts
</div>


{/* =========================== Layout 1 =========================== */}
<div className="intro-wrap">
  ## Apply Layout 1
  ### Apply Content Over Full Background Image
  #### Small Screens: Stacked Image and Content
	
</div>

<ApplyOne />

{/* =========================== Layout 2 =========================== */}


<div className="intro-wrap">
  ## Apply Layout 2
  ### Two Column Full Width Layout
  #### Small Screens: Title Over Full Width Image
	
</div>

<ApplyTwo />

```scss:title=styles.scss


```

{/* =========================== Layout 3 =========================== */}

<div className="intro-wrap">
  ## Apply Layout 3 
  ### Two Column Fixed Width Layout
  #### Small Screens: Stacked Image Over Content
	
</div>

<ApplyThree />

```scss:title=styles.scss


```

{/* =========================== Layout 4 =========================== */}

<div className="intro-wrap">
  ## Apply Layout 4
  ### Full Width Image with Overlapping Apply Content
  #### Small Screens: Title Over Full Width Image
	
</div>

<ApplyFour />

```scss:title=styles.scss


```

{/* =========================== Layout 5 =========================== */}

<div className="intro-wrap">
  ## Apply Layout 5
  ### Split Content 2 Column (Custom HTML)
  #### Small Screens: Stacked
  This layout is useful for organizing a lot of copy. The image over the benefits can be removed if it creates an imbalance.
	
</div>

<ApplyFive />

```scss:title=styles.scss


```

{/* =========================== Layout 6 =========================== */}

<div className="intro-wrap">
  ## Apply Layout 6
  ### 2 Column Copy and Form with Headline Above (Custom HTML)
  #### Small Screens: Stacked
  Layout is good for organizing a lot of copy.
	
</div>

<ApplySix />

```scss:title=styles.scss


```

{/* =========================== Layout 7 =========================== */}

{/* =========================== Layout 8 =========================== */}

</main>

Commit message:

Adjusting mixins and apply mdx info

src/pages/apply.mdx, after:

import ApplyOne from "components/apply/apply1";
import ApplyTwo from "components/apply/apply2";
import ApplyThree from "components/apply/apply3";
import ApplyFour from "components/apply/apply4";
import ApplyFive from "components/apply/apply5";
import ApplySix from "components/apply/apply6";

<main className="page-main">

<div className="page-title">
	# Apply Layouts
</div>


{/* =========================== Layout 1 =========================== */}
<div className="intro-wrap">
  ## Apply Layout 1
  ### Apply Content Over Full Background Image
  #### Small Screens: Stacked Image and Content
	
</div>

<ApplyOne />

{/* =========================== Layout 2 =========================== */}


<div className="intro-wrap">
  ## Apply Layout 2
  ### Two Column Full Width Layout
  #### Small Screens: Title Over Full Width Image
	
</div>

<ApplyTwo />

```scss:title=styles.scss


```

{/* =========================== Layout 3 =========================== */}

<div className="intro-wrap">
  ## Apply Layout 3 
  ### Two Column Fixed Width Layout
  #### Small Screens: Stacked Image Over Content
	
</div>

<ApplyThree />

```scss:title=styles.scss


```

{/* =========================== Layout 4 =========================== */}

<div className="intro-wrap">
  ## Apply Layout 4
  ### Full Width Image with Overlapping Apply Content
  #### Small Screens: Title Over Full Width Image
	
</div>

<ApplyFour />

```scss:title=styles.scss


```

{/* =========================== Layout 5 =========================== */}

<div className="intro-wrap">
  ## Apply Layout 5
  ### Split Content 2 Column (Custom HTML)
  #### Small Screens: Stacked
  Layout is useful for organizing a lot of copy. The image over the benefits can be removed if it creates an imbalance.

  Custom HTML - please inspect as well:
  - **"lp-apply-content"** should have 2 div children to be gridded:
    - keep headline and copy in div of **"lp-apply-copy"**
    - move benefits and wrap them with form in div **"lp-apply-copy-form"**
	
</div>

<ApplyFive />

```scss:title=styles.scss


```

{/* =========================== Layout 6 =========================== */}

<div className="intro-wrap">
  ## Apply Layout 6
  ### 2 Column Copy and Form with Headline Above (Custom HTML)
  #### Small Screens: Stacked
  Layout is useful for organizing a lot of copy.

  Custom HTML - please inspect as well:
  - **"lp-apply-content"** should have 3 div children to be gridded:
    - keep headline in div **"lp-apply-copy"**
    - move and wrap body copy and bullets in div **"copy-wrap"**
    - wrap form copy and form in div **"apply-form-wrap"**
	
</div>

<ApplySix />

```scss:title=styles.scss


```

{/* =========================== Layout 7 =========================== */}

{/* =========================== Layout 8 =========================== */}

</main>
